README.md, before:

# Write your own language workshop

Presentation slides for a workshop on how to write your own programming
language.

## Links

* [These slides as a presentation](http://www.artificialworlds.net/presentations/write-your-own-language/write-your-own-language.html)
* [datecalc](https://github.com/andybalaam/datecalc) - my version of the
  language we will write
* [Cell](https://github.com/andybalaam/cell) - a much more complicated, but
  still toy, language I wrote in order to teach about programming languages.
* [How to write a programing language](https://github.com/andybalaam/videos-writing-cell)
  slides for a talk about Cell.
* [Video series about Cell](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TG0qRDrUPpA&list=PLgyU3jNA6VjT3FW83eHqryNcqd6fsvdrv)
* [ACCU Conference talk about Cell](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=82-XjMzKaC8)
* [Series of articles about writing a language](https://github.com/andybalaam/articles-how-to-write-a-programming-language)

## License

Licensed under [CC BY-SA](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/) (see [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md)).

Commit message:

Add a note about the code

README.md, after:

# Write your own language workshop

Presentation slides for a workshop on how to write your own programming
language.

Versions of the code at each point are at:

[artificialworlds.net/presentations/write-your-own-language/code](http://www.artificialworlds.net/presentations/write-your-own-language/code)

## Links

* [These slides as a presentation](http://www.artificialworlds.net/presentations/write-your-own-language/write-your-own-language.html)
* [datecalc](https://github.com/andybalaam/datecalc) - my version of the
  language we will write
* [Cell](https://github.com/andybalaam/cell) - a much more complicated, but
  still toy, language I wrote in order to teach about programming languages.
* [How to write a programing language](https://github.com/andybalaam/videos-writing-cell)
  slides for a talk about Cell.
* [Video series about Cell](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TG0qRDrUPpA&list=PLgyU3jNA6VjT3FW83eHqryNcqd6fsvdrv)
* [ACCU Conference talk about Cell](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=82-XjMzKaC8)
* [Series of articles about writing a language](https://github.com/andybalaam/articles-how-to-write-a-programming-language)

## License

Licensed under [CC BY-SA](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/) (see [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md)).
